Running wild, got their hearts in motion
Midnight sparks, lighting pure devotion
Sneaking glances, smiles breaking rules
Love's messy game, but they're nobody's fools
Hands locked tight, scared but won't let go
Dancing under lights, chasing every glow
Chaotic whispers, laughter sets the tone
In their rhythm, never feel alone
Hands locked tight, scared but won't let go
Dancing under lights, chasing every glow
Running wild, got their hearts in motion
Midnight sparks, lighting pure devotion
Sneaking glances, smiles breaking rules
Love's messy game, but they're nobody's fools
Hands locked tight, scared but won't let go
Dancing under lights, chasing every glow